chore: Update Noir version compatibility description to v1.0.0-beta.0 (#37)
noir-lang/noir_rsa: README.md

This library uses <https://github.com/noir-lang/noir-bignum> as a dependency.

## Noir version compatibility

> This library is tested with all Noir stable releases from v0.36.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is tested with all Noir stable releases from v1.0.0-beta.0.
```
